my block my my city your side south side
I was up his Jamal Cole my block my
honey my city where episode 3 today
we're rogers park rogers park is on the
far north side of chicago rogers park is
the most diverse ZIP code not only in
chicago but it in the whole country it's
53 different languages spoken in rogers
park so I'm gonna go around and talk to
the people about the word diversity I
want to know what diversity means to
people in Chicago diverse let's go check
it out my block my healing my city let's
get it rogers park my back my city
you're sorry yeah yeah it's cool and i
go to events that are
with Dale cultures around here like my
friend
training and their case
yeah learning more about my culture so
you're expanding your worldview exactly
that's my own room look I really believe
that more colleges should be as diverse
in the Loyola campus because in today's
workforce you have to be able to
communicate people from different
cultural backgrounds as I drove down
morris avenue I realized that while yola
isn't the only reason Rogers partner so
diverse I believe it's the artwork
that's connecting people will sit I feel
you know what you said but all right
they don't cam already aware by the
water you want some nah man gud mara
what's going on is a lot of says you
can't own a gun criminals don't obey
laws anyway oh they're not gonna pay
attention to the law so they don't get
them they don't get well they're getting
from the gun shop of things yeah with
more strict rules on them not sure
that's true you know I giving me I can't
even buy a gun because I got two
felonies okay you know but they weren't
black they were
10 10 version windows okay if I got
really upset yeah and a person a suspect
for the coming there and they're going
to work it off giant piece of a real
yeah okay I never even see them
do you think specifically how do you
wonder expand you do yeah okay like I
feel like there's just so many
hard for a second it's just everyone's
yeah you know what
for whatever yeah Rogers part is more
laid back and accepting hey is there any
hot spots of things to do while I'm in
rogers park where i usually why i like
to go down to the fair a lot the beer
the pier where's the pier Emma crap here
crap here go down share it over to the
end thank you all right peace out thank
you no problem my block my city's west
side forced to live here first okay so
nice to be exposed to the beach yeah
yeah okay so do you think Chicago is a
diversity Chicago yeah the most diverse
city and she feel like my general area
still segregated really you have like
the Jewish are on one side of the street
hold on
okay but i'll be over all you could say
the area as a whole is it okay that's
because Chicago where I live on the
south side it's like I don't see hardly
any white people sorry I'm sure when I
tell somebody coming to the cuffing
why'd you go to slavers I go home okay
instead with a sweetheart ain't no
little even though they used to be very
Republican okay and even though they
were segregated yeah they did not have
segregated pools and when the riots
broke out the black kids walked the
white and then walk the teachers home
really okay oh yeah way back in the day
well you know that they're your hysteria
it's time for parents to teach young
people early on the end diversity
there's beauty and strength Maya Angelou
I think living in the hustle and bustle
of the city we can forget to appreciate
the common effect and just sitting on
the beach victorian doctors just
prescribed a sea air as a cure for an
assortment of ailments maybe prep here
has a positive effect on the heart rate
blood pressure a move I travel further
north and sheridan road headed for
rogers beach where i was scheduled to
attend a piece angel march hosted by the
howard area community center i was
invited by a fellow community activist
named Randy Murray we're both on the
mayor's Youth Advisory Council that's
focuses specifically on solutions than
youth violence the purpose of this event
is to raise awareness about gun violence
and the effect is having on the rogers
park community this march is going to be
funeral themed as of to give people a
sympathetic feeling of being at a
funeral it is designed around like a
funeral ok so what the devastation that
gun violence is known as the community
see everybody when someone does in the
funeral of curves is always on another
side to see yes not where the violence
is actually taking place ok so we wanted
to bring the funeral to exactly what a
bother
taking place okay get people to
understand like this is the end result
yeah so there's a lot of violence going
on right now in Rogers Park man has been
a gang war going on between the ales and
PPG for about five years tired lanky
okay I got paralyzed growing violence I
got shot twice that you're actually
doing I got like six kids I've always
been the type of guy that took care of
this inning the keys is called advice
about what it is it's it's a like you
got three stages like you got the
primitive stage where do you get the
game bang drug dealer conservative stage
where they get out of the gangs and
worried about the families they're
retired and like anything or nothing
okay and then the other third stage is
the person that's like politically
knowledgeable get Sydney on his hands
and his job as a third stage thank you
just come back into a community and take
guys out of the hood and bring them back
into posters to help them elevate
themselves involved from first to play
area and join our survivors because
there's just like so many languages so
many ethnicities so many immigrants and
you know refugees that live in this area
the nice thing about it is that everyone
here is so open because of it but the
downside has also been
very high rate of violence no habla some
white people some Jewish people's
American people booing on two blocks
over there's only two make baby Wow your
box office only Jewish yeah yeah so like
I brain there it's still segregated we
like whatever skinny I've got my my city
you will slice outside with me my back
my love my city what's up think i'm
gonna say my block my food my favorite
level 123 my block my hood my city
chicago went where we get rogers park
come on kitty rogers part